# Assignment3
## Question 2 - Code Reading

1)
"load_one_preference" is called with a pointer to a target struct and a filename of a person's preferences as arguments. This function extracts the preferences/field data from the file and fills the struct fields with the student's preferences. The field data is first read into "input_data". A while loop then iterates through the function pointers of the function pointer array "input_fcn_array" (which preprocessor replaced LOAD_FIELD(...) with) in order to load each field data into the variables of the target struct. Afterwards, if DEBUG was defined at terminal, then "print_preferences" function is called and prints the preferences/field data of the target person (via struct pointer). Inside this function, a loop then iterates through the function pointers of the function pointer array "output_fcn_array" (which preprocessor replaced PRINT_FIELD(...) with) in order to PRINT each field data. Back to main, a for loop then iterates through all of the other inputed files of student preferences. Like before, the data of a student is loaded into a struct via "load_one_preference" method. Also like before, if DEBUG was defined then "print_preferences" function is called and prints the preferences/field data of this student. Additionally within each iteration of the for loop, this_distance is computed via the summation of the return values of the "compute_difference_numeric" and "compute_difference_alphabetic" functions, which compares the preferences of the target student and that of the current student that the for loop is iterating over. Whichever student has the lowest distance is the best match with the target student. If DEBUG was defined, then the name of the best match is displayed along with the distance, and the best match's preferences (via "print_preferences"). The best match's favourite movie is then printed and the process is ended. 

2)
As described above, the preprocessor replaces LOAD_FIELD with function pointers and their arguments. A while loop iterates through the function pointers of the function pointer array "input_fcn_array" in order to load each field data into the appropriate variables of the target struct. It can handle different types of data as the function pointers have data type of field pointers (e.g. string_field, number_field) abstracted out to void. Only within each function are the data types speficied by casting to the appropriate type.

3)
The global integer array "field_offsets" is the correct way to compute the offset to each field in the struct as "offsetof" uses the class type of a struct (struct s_preference_info) and any member of that struct (e.g. first_name, last_name) to determine the byte offset of that struct member from the beginning of the struct in memory.
